Lilliana Robinson: This is gonna answer a lot of the general questions that you guys have. We're gonna go over where it's gonna be when it's gonna be and what the format is. We've kind of hinted at the format a bit as we've kind of taught you guys over the past few weeks. But
Lilliana Robinson: we're gonna go over it in detail. We're gonna answer any questions you guys have. And then we're gonna watch some pitches.
Lilliana Robinson: So this is all in preparation, really, for next week for me and Troy to give you the full intro to demo day pitching. So today there's not really an action item after this, it's just to get you thinking and get you familiar with what is gonna happen. You don't have to do anything after this workshop other than just like, let it sink in and start start just generally thinking about what you might want to do
Lilliana Robinson: next week when Troy and I address you guys that's going to be the kickoff to starting to build your pitch.
Lilliana Robinson: So once we give the intro next week and we'll give you some exercises and things like that. That's when we're gonna really start crafting it. But Neil and I have always added this workshop ahead of time to just get you guys familiar with the concept of Demo Day what to expect all those different things. And to just give you some examples to just kind of set your sights in the right direction.
Lilliana Robinson: Cool.
Lilliana Robinson: All right.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright.
Lilliana Robinson: So 1st we're gonna do some expectation setting. So we've already kind of talked about this with you guys because it has come up in a couple of workshops. But
Lilliana Robinson: the general expectations for Demo Day are
Lilliana Robinson: that this is just a single day. It's not how it used to be in the 2,010 s. Where it was just the end. All be all. Honestly, it's seen as a lot more as like you're coming out into the community. You're graduating from techstars, and you do get this
Lilliana Robinson: nicely recorded artifact that then you can use for fundraising customer acquisition all different things coming out of it. So it's a lot more about the things that happen as a result of Demo Day than it is the actual day, and any sort of like amazing conversation you might have in the room at that day.
Lilliana Robinson: that being said, people do make some really great connections that then lead
Lilliana Robinson: to business progress or investment progress down the road.
Lilliana Robinson: But just the the days of just having Demo Day, and there being all these investors that are throwing checks at you is far gone. I think we've said this before. So it's not surprising to you guys, but we always like to set that expectation, especially being out in the bay.
Lilliana Robinson: It's extremely saturated. So I'm sure these investors will have been to like multiple demo days the same month as ours. That's just how it is. There are people that are going through accelerators left and right out. Here.
Lilliana Robinson: however, we do have different ways that we make it special and engaging for the audience, so it'll still be an amazing time, I would just say it's all about what happens as follow up from the demo day itself than the actual day, the actual 12 h that you're having your demo day. It's much more about community graduation, a milestone for you and getting that artifact of you pitching on stage.
Lilliana Robinson: Did you want to add anything now.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Just reinforcing that it's like, I think some people freak out about this and spend way too much time obsessing over it and worrying about it and think it's gonna make some like big difference in your business. And it isn't.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I just really want that to be abundantly clear. It's gonna help you, and it's worth investing time in.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But it is not the answer to your problems, and it is not a proxy for your progress.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright.
Lilliana Robinson: So what does a winning Demo Day look like? You've heard some of the alumni say like winning Demo Day like Eric said that.
Lilliana Robinson: I would say.
Lilliana Robinson: if you're a competitive person you are going to think about like, Oh, how do I basically optimize Demo Day? Maybe not in a competitive mindset, but just like for yourself.
Lilliana Robinson: And I have an answer for you. Actually, it's different than what winning Demo Day would have meant when Eric was in the class that was
Lilliana Robinson: kind of a toxic culture.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, they made that pretty intense. Sorry. I didn't mean to interrupt. I just want to clarify what you just said. So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the way it used to be was pretty intense, like they would stack people up against each other. They would compare each other in a way that was kind of like
Neal Sáles-Griffin: this person's better than this. Per, you know, like that kind of stuff. And it was just not really that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I don't know that, like we have better things to do than to try to pit you all against each other, to perform well at an event. It's not that deep.
Lilliana Robinson: Exactly so. 1st of all, the order that we make is has no ramification or or indication of what you guys are are like, like. Basically there's no stack rank, there's no best and last and worst. And then all of these different things. We design the order very thoughtfully. The week before demo day to maximize audience engagement.
Lilliana Robinson: What does that mean? It means basically, we mix b 2 BB, 2 C, we mix our female Ceos into the mix. I like to spread them out. We mix different industry verticals. We. We mix the different types of pitches. Sometimes pitches have humor in them, and sometimes they're more serious, and all.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: EIR.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, yeah. And we mix the eirs who are gonna interview you so that they don't have to go back to back to back.
Lilliana Robinson: So there are like a lot of different parameters. Neil and I take into consideration. We sit and we whiteboard it, and we like really think it out, and I promise you can analyze the list all day long. You're never gonna find like any sort of pattern of oh, this person's the best. This person's the worst. It's all about these different parameters of what will maximize audience engagement. That's what's best for you guys is for them to be completely engaged from start to finish for all 12 pitches. So the best that we can do for that.
Lilliana Robinson: That's how we make the list.
Lilliana Robinson: Now back to Winning Demo Day.
Lilliana Robinson: The answer here for us. What does winning Demo Day look like is the person who has the most follow up calls
Lilliana Robinson: that contribute to their demo day goal
Lilliana Robinson: after demo Day.
Lilliana Robinson: I'll so I'll say it again. It is having the most follow up calls
Lilliana Robinson: that contribute to your goal. That is how you win demo day. So I actually know who has done that in the past. I know which company has quote unquote. One demo day each of you will have a different goal.
Lilliana Robinson: A lot of you are interested in boost trapping. That means that a lot of your goal is
Lilliana Robinson: a lot of your goals are going to be about customer acquisition, maybe getting key advisement. Key mentors
Lilliana Robinson: getting your name out there. It could just be about getting your presence known. In general. Everyone will have a different goal, and maybe your goal is fundraising, whatever that goal is.
Lilliana Robinson: Having. Follow up calls from people, from meeting people, from getting introductions from the people you meet to other people that might be relevant.
Lilliana Robinson: Because, remember, even if someone can't help you, they probably know someone who can help you. All of those things are how you win Demo Day. So that is my biggest hope for each of you.
Lilliana Robinson: and I think all of you can achieve this
Lilliana Robinson: venue. So where is Demo Day happening? I'm very happy to say. Thanks to Chloe's hard work, it's going to be at the Google Headquarters, which is really cool. We've actually never had a demo day at a partner space.
Lilliana Robinson: And I think it's gonna be really nice for you guys.
Lilliana Robinson: Here are some pictures. So this is the auditorium space on the left. You should expect about 200 people.
Lilliana Robinson: Then we're gonna move upstairs to this big reception space that has a giant car in the middle. It has a Delorean in the middle. It's like a really quirky Google space. And it's really nice. And they're gonna provide you food. You guys will pitch right in front of that. G, you have the 2 screens if they have all the tech already built in, and it's gonna be really nice for our guests.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Clear. We're paying for the food.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh!
Neal Sáles-Griffin: They're not providing it. We're paying.
Dave Scott: Paying for it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Just to be clear.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, we're paying for the food. Thank you for the clarification. I also forgot to say, to hold all your questions till the end, and just put them in the chat, and Neil and I will go through them one by one
Lilliana Robinson: after that in the chat.
Lilliana Robinson: This is the view from the space which I think is gorgeous. In the bottom, right? We took that when we were there for an event. The day before you guys came during tech week.
Lilliana Robinson: So yeah, this is the space I'm really excited about it. I think you guys are, gonna have a great time.
Lilliana Robinson: You guys will be able to invite one to 2 people personally per founder. So if you have family or friends, you were hoping to invite, you can have one to 2, and you can also kind of like trade trade that within
Lilliana Robinson: your team. So if a team member doesn't want to bring any, then you could bring 3 or 4 things it'll work like that.
Lilliana Robinson: So our secret sauce Demo day format. So we just talked about where it's happening. So what is happening? How do we do, Demo Day?
Lilliana Robinson: I would say we call it our secret sauce, because it's something that Neil and I came up with. As we were brainstorming post Covid, how to do Demo Day, because we had only done virtual demo days
Lilliana Robinson: due to the pandemic. And then in 2022, we were able to have our 1st in person Demo Day.
Lilliana Robinson: But the old method was so tired
Lilliana Robinson: people had been
Lilliana Robinson: they didn't want to come anymore. If we were just going to do 10 min long pitches 12 people get on stage. They pitch for 10 min with a deck, and then they get off stage, and it's just boring. People didn't want to do that anymore. So Neil came up with the idea that I'll show you in a second to engage the audience by having shorter pitches and then having QA. On stage. And I call it the secret sauce, because it worked really well.
Lilliana Robinson: and a bunch of other programs started asking us about it, and we sent them information about it. We sent them our videos. And now I would say, 6 or 7 different techstars programs
Lilliana Robinson: have consistently done our format for the past couple of years, which is really cool.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I can add one quick thing. The premise of this was, what is the purpose of Demo Day? I asked myself, like, why are we doing it? What is the point? And what do founders want? And one of the big things was either want to close customers or they wanna have conversations with investors. Those were the 2 main jobs. So I was like, Okay, well, why don't we just cut the
Neal Sáles-Griffin: like?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: The the mess
Neal Sáles-Griffin: of the pageantry of a of a fancy pitch that looks really good
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and just have that 1st conversation live on stage.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So the idea was, let's save everyone some time and have that 1st investor conversation, or that 1st customer call introducing yourself in your business and your why? In a meaningful way that gives you even more progress when you have that initial interaction with somebody that you actually want to talk to or share this with
Neal Sáles-Griffin: exactly.
Lilliana Robinson: So we've experimented with this for the last 6 demo days, and it has gone really, really well. So this is in Chicago. We have about 200 people that come to our Chicago ones as well. So it's the same kind of size as the Google one we're throwing.
Lilliana Robinson: It was a huge success. So not not only did an increase audience, participation or audience engagement, people were not on their phones. They're paying attention. They're staying till the end. They're asking amazing questions to the founders in the post
Lilliana Robinson: networking hour. All of those things were fixed that were kind of issues with Demo Day before.
Lilliana Robinson: So I think we've been pretty clear on this. But Demo Day is not a fundraising event, so a lot of people might launch their rounds at Demo Day. But I would say, if you are planning on fundraising, you should not consider Demo Day as a factor at all. It shouldn't be. Oh, and then Demo Day is going to hit, and then I'm really going to boost my funding, if anything, you should see it as like a second mentor madness where you may make some connections that may lead to funding.
Lilliana Robinson: This is kind of what Neil was saying. The whole idea before, both behind the format is, we want to arm you with confidence.
Lilliana Robinson: clarity, and real skills on articulating your business by answering questions. So a lot of you are kind of uncomfortable talking about your business. I can tell from how you were pitching at the different public events we've had.
Lilliana Robinson: This is going to get you
Lilliana Robinson: extremely comfortable with it, articulating your business, answering the hard questions because we're not just gonna let you have softballs. They're gonna be difficult questions. You're gonna practice how to answer them. And you're gonna have the confidence to do so
Lilliana Robinson: so with that being said, here's the actual format. So 1 min product video.
Lilliana Robinson: 1 min elevator pitch on a mic.
Lilliana Robinson: no slides behind you. Just
Lilliana Robinson: spotlight on the CEO,
Lilliana Robinson: 4 min of Q&A with an eir with one slide displayed.
Lilliana Robinson: and you can choose the order of these 1st 2. So some people do their product. Video. First, st some people do their pitch first, st I would say the majority of people do their pitch first, st
Lilliana Robinson: and that
Lilliana Robinson: only has the exception of if your product is kind of hard to explain, or if it would be distracting to hear the pitch without seeing the product like if people would be wondering. For example, we had a company making batteries for drones. So their product video just illustrated it perfectly, and people were able to immediately understand. And then he was able to go into his pitch.
Lilliana Robinson: If that sounds like you, we can talk about it
Lilliana Robinson: otherwise most people do the pitch. 1st go into the product video, then your Eir comes on stage and you sit down and have what I call like an Oprah style. QA. Where we have like 2 talk show chairs, and they'll ask you questions to be clear. This QA. Is scripted, it will not seem scripted. A lot of people are surprised to learn it's scripted because you will practice being supernatural, but it is scripted. So you guys are not being asked anything on the spot.
Lilliana Robinson: You will memorize your answers.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And just to reinforce 90 to 95% of the pitches usually do pitch 1st and then video.
Lilliana Robinson: So we have a lot of practices designed to help you prepare both synchronously and asynchronously. So. These are just some of the sessions. So I said, next week we're going to start with intro to Demo Day with Troy. That's always our 1st one that kicks it off. We'll continuously have pitch practice with Troy. I think we have 2 of them. He comes every 2 weeks to work with you guys. I work with you guys on storyboarding the product. Demo video. Kevin is going to teach a workshop. He teaches every time which is pitching pitching tips and tricks
Lilliana Robinson: after he's won almost half a million dollars in pitch competitions. He has some great tips for you guys, and then we're going to invite alumni mentors to come to pitch practice with you guys, the Eirs and Neil will also work with you in crafting your Q. And A.
Lilliana Robinson: The event will be a a demo day for all 12 companies, so we'll go back to back. We always do start to finish. We'll do 12, and then it'll be followed by 1 h of networking cocktail hour.
Lilliana Robinson: usually demo days about 3 h. It's gonna be on Friday, December 6.th This is the major announcement I wanted to make here. It's not going to be on Thursday, December 5, th as I sent you guys when you got your offers, so change it in your calendars. If you told your spouse or your friends
Lilliana Robinson: it's going to be on Friday. This is because of the Google space availability.
Lilliana Robinson: And we're gonna start at about 4 pm, so it'll be 4 to 7 pitches, and then, like a cocktail hour, 7 to 8 or 7 to 9. Whenever people kind of finish up
Lilliana Robinson: the networking cocktail is usually where all the connections are made, so we'll have everybody go up to the reception space. We'll keep you guys downstairs with us in the auditorium for a little bit, and then almost like, if you've ever had a wedding, or been to a wedding where the bride and groom come in to the reception once everyone's there that's going to be, you guys, and you'll get to come in, and then you get to meet everybody and chat with them on. People will be excited to talk to you.
Lilliana Robinson: So the one thing you do need to do you don't have to start crafting your pitch yet until Troy and I talk to you next week. But start building your investor pipelines now so that we can invite them.
Lilliana Robinson: We will do invites to your list of investors, and it doesn't have to be investors. It's whatever will contribute to your goal. So I would just say, your Demo Day invite list. If you're interested in b 2 b customers, a lot of people invite potential customers to demo day people from those companies to come and see what they're all about. And it has worked in the past. If you're interested in getting that key advisor, that key mentor, invite them to Demo Day.
Lilliana Robinson: they don't have to have anything to do with techstars, it's up to you guys, you build your own lists and we invite them. So we'll start sending invites in a 2 to 3 weeks. We are ahead of schedule right now, having this session. So I would say, 2 to 3 weeks. But start now, start thinking about who you want to invite. We have our own invite list. Everyone you met in mentor madness, everyone you met in the 1st mentor event in week, one
Lilliana Robinson: all the alumni that you've met, all those people will be automatically invited from us. So you don't have to worry about that. Just make your own list
Lilliana Robinson: all right.
Lilliana Robinson: So now we can open up to questions. We'll take
Lilliana Robinson: Neil. Let's take like 6 min to answer questions, and then we'll jump into examples.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Sure I will knock out all the the key ones, and then it looks like, I think my impression is that Collab has some scheduling problems with that date adjustment. So we'll talk about that, too. But there's ways around. If for some reason you can't come, we've actually designed for that as well in the past. So just so, you know, if there's actually something really important that you can't miss. Given the date change, we'll find a way to make it work and make it valuable for you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So we know the questions advanced. Yes, we already answered that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: One or 2 people per founder that does not include investors. Fabio.
Lilliana Robinson: That was for.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Any other questions.
Lilliana Robinson: One to 2 people was for your personal invites.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So Collab, what's up.
Florence Ettlin: We're flying out on that date like we're literally flying out at 8 Pm.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: 8 pm. That day.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Wait.
Lilliana Robinson: I accidentally muted. You guys.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: They're flying out at 8 pm. On Friday night.
Florence Ettlin: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Can you change your flight?
Florence Ettlin: We'll we will have to. Yes.
Florence Ettlin: if you thought it was definitely on Thursday. So we have a friend.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, we did, too.
Florence Ettlin: Yeah. But that's why.
Lilliana Robinson: We can help find you a place to stay, if, like your lease ends and stuff. But that's not a problem at all.
Florence Ettlin: Yeah, we didn't even think of that. We're just like we need to.
Lilliana Robinson: Not a big deal.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We'll we'll we'll we'll help you out. We'll work. We'll work with you all specifically to make that work, even if you gotta fly out at midnight.
Florence Ettlin: Okay, yeah.
Florence Ettlin: I have fun.
Lilliana Robinson: At midnight after demo, day before, so like.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We'll have a big party at the airport with everybody after Demo day.
Florence Ettlin: You'll drop us off.
Florence Ettlin: Cool.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Well, one thing you didn't mention, Lily, I think, is important is like we always celebrate afterwards, and usually it's Thursday night. Y'all recover, and then we hang out Friday and like, do a bunch of stuff and like whatever. But now we're just gonna do it all in one night. So you guys are gonna be gassed.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It's gonna be interesting, but
Neal Sáles-Griffin: it'll be fine.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Nobody's got any questions.
Annie: I guess. Just a quick question.
Annie: since it's a 1 min pitch, since it's really so, I'm assuming just the the CEO will just go up there and pitch.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Correct. Okay. Great.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: On, the.
Lilliana Robinson: CEO will do the whole thing, so only the CEO is ever on stage.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Correct.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: What's up? Agent lunar.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: It's it's it's me. So.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Oh, it's health blocks! Oh.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Being a solo founder of one company wasn't painful enough, so I joined another. So I was gonna ask like for the investor pipeline. Should we do warm outreaches on our on our wish list? First.st
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yes.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Have a wish list
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay.
Kevin Su: Will it be streamed anywhere? Or is it just in person event.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It. It's normally in person and with a high end recording we're in conversations about
Neal Sáles-Griffin: streaming, but we haven't decided that yet, and don't know if we can commit to it.
Lilliana Robinson: We. We've always decided against streaming because it makes people not show up.
Lilliana Robinson: So the people at Techsars who do a demo day that's also streamed. We realized, like
Lilliana Robinson: 30
Lilliana Robinson: to 50%, just opt for the virtual.
Lilliana Robinson: But then they don't get the numbers on their actual stream. Which means that people just say they're gonna go to the virtual, and they end up like.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You had to be there.
Lilliana Robinson: So it's not good for attendance.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But then, when each of you get your individual 6 min video to send, that's really helpful to send afterwards to people who missed it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that helps, but it also forces people to show up
Neal Sáles-Griffin: right.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright. We have time for one more question before we jump into
Lilliana Robinson: examples.
Lilliana Robinson: I see Collab so freaking out, it's really gonna be okay. We're gonna make it happen.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, we'll work with you. It'll be alright.
Lilliana Robinson: Someone who had a baby born the week of Demo Day. So we just we just made it happen.
Florence Ettlin: A lot better put into perspective.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yes, yeah, trust me, we we've dealt with some challenging situations. So a flight issue is like.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: people have had like family emergencies, like, it's, it's really gonna be fine. Don't.
Florence Ettlin: Very good.
Lilliana Robinson: And we wouldn't have it without.
Florence Ettlin: Behind the smiles. But you notice, Lianna, you could tell.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I mean, y'all were freaking out when she said that I saw it. I was like, Oh, my God!
Lilliana Robinson: Eyes were gonna pop out of her.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: He's getting married like.
Florence Ettlin: I don't have the best poker face so.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright. Okay. Well, if you guys get more questions to save them, we can stay on at the end and and answer them. We're gonna jump now into
Lilliana Robinson: examples. So the way.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Examples that Liliana's gonna share right now, I just want to say to you all like.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: just empathize for a second and realize like it's gonna be so easy for you to watch and judge someone else's pitch and go. Oh, I wouldn't do that, or that was not good, or they were nervous about this. And it's like, Yeah, okay. And then why don't you do it when you get up there? So I just want you all to know that when we watch, you're gonna be judgmental because you're gonna see things that you think should be different.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But then I'm gonna put it back on you, and then when we see you get up there and do it, that's when the real work comes out.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So just keep that in mind as we watch these Demos.
Lilliana Robinson: But now I do like the exercise we normally do where we do pick it apart. I think.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Oh, you know I want their feedback on the pitches to evaluate what was good and bad for sure, but I also want to humble them as well, because I know how this goes, and everybody always knows what's best.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: What someone else is supposed to do.
Lilliana Robinson: What is it? Monday morning? Quarterbacking.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yup!
Lilliana Robinson: So what we're gonna do is I'm gonna play a video. And we have about 5, 5, yeah, 5 or 6.
Lilliana Robinson: We're gonna watch it together while we're watching it in the chat. I want you guys to say things that you like and things that you think could have been better, so like things that they're doing that are really good. That you also should emulate. And then anything that went wrong that you probably should learn from the whole point of watching them is to learn from it. So it's okay, like, some of them have mistakes. And some of them could have done better in like their stage presence, or whatever it is. But a lot of them have really good things that I also want you to point out, so that you can learn from.
Lilliana Robinson: We've hand selected the ones we're gonna show you guys for a reason. So each one should be able to teach you something different. So I'm just gonna start, after which we'll take like 1 min to quickly discuss each one, and then we'll go to the next one.
Lilliana Robinson: So we're going to start with Cicada. You've met Myrcha. He was in our alumni panel.
Lilliana Robinson: and this one we're only going to watch the pitch.
Lilliana Robinson: And do you want to also watch the video, Neil, pitch and video, right? We're just gonna watch the 1st segment. We're not gonna.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Pitch and be good.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: cool.
Lilliana Robinson: And then
Lilliana Robinson: a a
Lilliana Robinson: all right. There's just nothing better than getting a room full of people to sing with you.
Lilliana Robinson: Taylor Swift earned over a billion dollars on her latest tour.
Lilliana Robinson: And yet the average Us. Musician only earns $20,000 a year.
Lilliana Robinson: The music business is hard. That's why musicians, hire managers, cicada helps, managers make more money for their artists.
Lilliana Robinson: and we do this by focusing on the live concert experience
Lilliana Robinson: before sequera concert revenue could only come from tickets and merch. But traditional merch, as you might know, is an expensive logistical nightmare.
Lilliana Robinson: Cicada unlocks 6 new revenue streams at every single gig.
Lilliana Robinson: These include things like custom, merch on demand for every single fan paid dedications and crucially real-time calls to action activated by the music itself.
Lilliana Robinson: This helps us capitalize on people's exceptional state of mind before they even leave the venue.
Lilliana Robinson: Since January, Cicada has been used by over 40 acts, which makes perfect sense because we built it for ourselves. The founders are professional musicians and highly technical people, and we believe the next Taylor Swift will earn her 1 billion dollars using cicada.
Lilliana Robinson: Let me show you how.
Lilliana Robinson: as a musician, it's my job to put people into a state of euphoria. But how do I translate that into revenue?
Lilliana Robinson: Well, when I go on tour I bring my Cicada QR. Code or my tappable signs this way. My fans can access cicada on their mobile browsers where they can buy unique products and services. I don't need a cashier, and my fans don't need to wait in line. They could buy merch on demand which makes my merch store infinite, saves me money on transport, and allows each fan to customize their items.
Lilliana Robinson: I can do paint dedications kind of like cameo for live music. I can do tipping perks, vip access and more.
Lilliana Robinson: And my fans can interact with the band in real time.
Lilliana Robinson: They can sing along to synchronize lyrics vote in polls. Text a band and more.
Lilliana Robinson: This allows me to gather some data so I can know my fans even if I don't control ticket sales. Cicada has been used by over 40 acts with thousands of dollars transacted, cicada making music profitable.
Lilliana Robinson: So I'm sure a lot of you are wondering about the music before we jump in about the actual pitch each of you will have a walk on song that you get to pick.
Lilliana Robinson: It'll be like 15 seconds
Lilliana Robinson: Mircha ended up choosing the A song that he and his co-founder composed
Lilliana Robinson: at the retreat.
Lilliana Robinson: So everyone in the audience that were our founders knew this like the singing part of that, because we did at the Retreat. So then he asked us to sing with him when he came on stage, which is pretty cool.
Lilliana Robinson: but you'll see in the other ones. Normally, we just play like 15 seconds of a song
Lilliana Robinson: that either like hypes you as the CEO up or it's related to your business. Whatever you want to do like, there's no rules for that, except that it needs to be like Demo Day appropriate. So no offensive language, or anything like that. But other than that you can do any song you want.
Lilliana Robinson: So what did? Let's do like 2 things, Major did well, and 2 things that he could have done better
Lilliana Robinson: feel free to just unmute.
Kevin Su: The the energy was insanely good came in. Crowd was high. I think that that was the most obvious one. Like I felt like I was part of that crowd during the opening few seconds.
Florence Ettlin: Yeah, I agree with Kevin. He just used a lot of movement as well. So it took up the space on the stage. And he felt very natural, too. So brought in the energy through that. Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, it showed a lot of confidence, right? He wasn't trying to like shrive into himself. So that's something you guys should all be thinking about
Lilliana Robinson: is like a power pose. If you've ever heard of that.
Lilliana Robinson: the same thing.
Dave Scott: Okay? What?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So embodied his own creativity. Just to add, he was actually playing live music as people were walking in before Demo Day started. So he was like. He was really thoughtful about how he wanted the entire experience of Demo Day to be for him and his business, and we ended up using his platform actually facilitate Demo Day, too. So he was really, really intentional about every aspect of it.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Very cool.
Dave Scott: So can I ask a question you said was that his demo, or what was that? The or the video was part of his pitch?
Lilliana Robinson: No, that was the first.st
Neal Sáles-Griffin: This is product demo. Yeah.
Dave Scott: Okay, I was. It was excellent, like, just really caught the the vibe of the technology. And and really the problem of the customer.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. So he did pitch first, st and then video. So that was the 1 min. 1 min. Let's take one more from okay, 2 more Dominique's square. Whoever's in there.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Yeah, I I think to Dave's point what we were discussing like he he built a stuff he kind of drew us in, and then we were ready to to jump in the boat when the kind of explainer video came. It was really clear with that combination, and he also didn't say he was very good at not saying like you know, when people are talking, and they'll say like or like, because they're trying to fill.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: No. Filler words. Yeah.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: All filler words was really helps you to stay engaged. Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, that took a lot of practice. He practiced his pitch a lot to get there.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Like.
Lilliana Robinson: Fabio. Final comment.
Fabio Caironi: I really like the product presentation. I it looks very professional, and
Fabio Caironi: I know many people are impressed by like a good looking presentations. Maybe.
Fabio Caironi: You know, 3 nations kind of stuff that that's probably the moment when you wanna have someone do that for you like, do you know who like, if they made that, or do that for them.
Lilliana Robinson: If if they, if they made, what.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: The video.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, yeah, they.
Fabio Caironi: The video. Yes.
Lilliana Robinson: I think they storyboarded it, and they produced a lot of the assets. And then they had someone on Fiverr do like the animation where that, like it moves. The, you know, moves the iphone, and like
Lilliana Robinson: does all of the different like movement pieces. But they made the wireframes, and they made all the different video assets of like. They went and filmed actual performances of their actual customers and stuff like that. So that wasn't even like stock footage pretty cool.
Lilliana Robinson: I'll post this. So you guys can watch again. That brings me to a question. Everyone always asks, which is, How do we make the video
Lilliana Robinson: different options.
Lilliana Robinson: You can go completely handmade
Lilliana Robinson: like you can just make it for $0 on canva. A lot of people do that.
Lilliana Robinson: It's totally fine some people have, like their sister or their roommate, do the voice over, and then they just make it on canva, or like Imovie, and then they ship it, and that's great. Then there's the next option, which is like fiber, so like you make all the assets you want, but, like someone puts it together on fiber, I would be careful. Don't have any sort of like AI voice. It's super annoying.
Lilliana Robinson: Have an actual voice over as much as you can. And then, like the step up from that is to hire an actual like video maker, not like you're paying like 10 bucks for someone to slap it together. But like you're actually paying a company like you're outsourcing it. That would be only if you want to invest
Lilliana Robinson: a few $100 in it, because you might want to use it on your website, or you might want to use it for customer acquisition you. This video has other uses than just using it for Demo Day.
Lilliana Robinson: So some people do invest, maybe like $500 into that.
Lilliana Robinson: I always say you should not be spending over a thousand dollars on this video, I would say, a thousand dollars is the cap. If you have trouble finding a professional
Lilliana Robinson: contractor to hire, and you want, like a higher fidelity. Video, ask the alums, so ask the people who just went through who they used. A lot of them just shared the same person. I know that for a fact.
Lilliana Robinson: So just ask them.
Lilliana Robinson: Those are the different tiers, and there's no problem with any of those tiers. It's up to you how much time and money you want to invest in the video. I will say we will tell you if it's bad, so don't worry about that like there have been times that we go. We have approval sessions. And sometimes in the approval session, someone will show their video and maybe they didn't want to invest too much time in it, and I just tell them this isn't going to be acceptable for Demo Day. You need to like make this a little better.
Lilliana Robinson: So there is like a threshold. But other than that don't spend too much money.
Lilliana Robinson: Kevin. You had a question.
Kevin Su: Yeah. 2 quick questions. Did tech starts ever offer someone to do all these
Kevin Su: the demo day videos? Or am I matching that? Okay?
Lilliana Robinson: No, we've never done that.
Kevin Su: Oh, good second question. When should we have the 1st video ready for the tech stars team to review and get feedback on.
Lilliana Robinson: We're gonna start with a storyboard. It's a session. I I run you'll have to look in the calendar. I think it's in 3 weeks.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, I think it's in week, 9 or 10. It's on the Google Calendar right now. So it'll say, like, product demo walkthrough with Liliana, that is when you'll have your storyboard. So like, no video, you're just gonna show me like, walk me through what you want. And the group. And I will give you feedback, and then from there you can start making it so, for now you should just be in brainstorming things.
Kevin Su: Okay.
Kevin Su: Cool.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, let's go to the next one.
Lilliana Robinson: So the next video is
Lilliana Robinson: completely different. This one's B to C, and we're showing this one to you because Ariana, the CEO, is an incredible, incredible storyteller. Her background is in film, and her company
Lilliana Robinson: also focuses on like videos. So just take that with a grain of salt. When you see her video, it's gonna be like.
Lilliana Robinson: clearly someone who went to film school. But the pitch itself is so powerful, and even though
Lilliana Robinson: almost everyone here doesn't have like an emotional business, you're not like her businesses and mental health. I would say it's more emotional than most of the businesses here. I challenge each of you to find an emotional pull that can get the same kind of essence that is in this pitch.
Lilliana Robinson: So the storytelling
Lilliana Robinson: to use it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I would I would. I would just adjust that a little bit, Leon, and say that I think there is actually emotion in most of your businesses. But what she's saying is that it's less apparent or overt.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So we're gonna do work with each of you to bring out the emotions within your business.
Lilliana Robinson: Exactly, because you'll see Ariana's pitch in a second, and you're gonna think, oh, mine can't be like that, because hers is about mental health is very clear and easy to to pull on people's heartstrings, but a lot of people are able to do it. So use this as an example.
Lilliana Robinson: Some days I find myself thinking.
Lilliana Robinson: I wish I just wouldn't wake up in the morning.
Lilliana Robinson: This is a message that was shared on stigma app by a member who answered No to our security question, is this a mental health emergency?
Lilliana Robinson: Acknowledging that we're struggling with our mental health is hard.
Lilliana Robinson: but asking for help is harder.
Lilliana Robinson: It is the reason that a lot of people don't seek treatment, don't seek help, lack of trust, and not knowing where to start, is the reason that 34 million Americans who are struggling with their mental health don't seek treatment.
Lilliana Robinson: So at stigma, we're solving this problem by creating engaging human stories that inspire people to be open about their mental health
Lilliana Robinson: when they're ready to seek support. We provide easy on-ramps to resources they didn't know existed when we did this for the member whose message I just shared. She accepted. I know I need to see a therapist, she said.
Lilliana Robinson: I just didn't know where to start
Lilliana Robinson: last week. Google named Stigma 2020 two's best app for good.
Lilliana Robinson: In the last 7 days we have more than doubled the size of our community.
Lilliana Robinson: Companies like Nerdwallet use written content to educate people about their financial health and then connect them with the resources that they need. Financially, our vision is to use video storytelling to educate people about their mental health and then connect them with the services that actually match their lived experience. I'd like to show you what this looks like and why it matters.
Lilliana Robinson: This is the stigma app in it. Members can watch stories to see living proof that they're not alone and ask for or receive messages of hope from members who share their lived experience. As our members engage with content, we learn more about their needs and recommend stories and resources that are relevant to them. When someone struggles with their mental health, they're looking for hope. So that's exactly what we give them. I never thought I'd have support like this.
Lilliana Robinson: and so accessible and so
Lilliana Robinson: it's not even validation, it really is. Hope.
Lilliana Robinson: So thank you for giving us this opportunity.
Lilliana Robinson: All right.
Lilliana Robinson: What is that? What are 2 things that she did? Well, and 2 things she could have done better.
Annie: I like that, she shouted out like a recent win, like, you know. She balanced the emotional also with the the business traction, which I thought was a really good
Annie: yeah, it's nice to have both of those.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: I think
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: positives and things she could have done better. Am I?
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: So I think, in terms of positives. Of course her storytelling was phenomenal, fantastic, that she had
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: one of her community members speak that that was beautiful.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: it reminded me of Dave as well with your community. So I thought that was really special
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: in terms of what she could do better. There were certain moments of her body language where I think she was nervous. I could see her like
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: jacket so I picked up on those queues. So that's
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Yeah, something that I don't wanna say could do better, but yeah could
Lilliana Robinson: Whole point of. We want to see what we can do better, so that you guys can learn from your predecessors. I would say. Her voice was also really shaky. I think that just comes from not getting in front of people enough with your pitch, because she knew it. She could do it front and back like to just me and Neil. But as soon as she saw all those people you could tell, like she got a little nervous. Her voice was kind of shaky like you said, clutching the jacket. And that's just a matter of practice. So you guys need to take every opportunity you can to get in front of people. So that doesn't happen.
Lilliana Robinson: Morgan, I'll take yours. And 1 1 other thing I wanted to point out really quick was.
Lilliana Robinson: I love that. She compared it to a real world success
Lilliana Robinson: in a different market.
Lilliana Robinson: That is one of the best things you guys can do. You'll see Jake does that, too, in zest which we're about to watch, she said. Nerd wallet has done this successfully. They are, you know, valued at blank 1 billion dollars. And they do this model. We're doing that for mental health that is so helpful for the audience to hear, to just connect an analogous business so that they see the value in what you're trying to build.
Lilliana Robinson: Morgan.
Morgan Stanton: Yeah, I was only gonna say, I I liked her video pitch more than the previous one. I feel like it was a better pace like the other one was pretty packed like it had a lot of stuff kind of rapidly going. Hers was a nice pace, got easily, like clearly see what she offered. And then the success metric that she's looking at. The end was clean on the video.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, that's good feedback. I think Murch's video represents who he is as a person. It's a little bit like bombastic. And, like.
Lilliana Robinson: you know throwing stuff at you. And maybe the information didn't land as much
Lilliana Robinson: as the stigma video because it wasn't at that learning pace. That's a great point. So you guys kind of have to balance engagement and making it exciting and energetic with not throwing too much at them. And this is a skill
Lilliana Robinson: you guys are gonna want to put the whole kitchen sink into these 6 min, the 1 1 and 4. And you just can't. You need to think of it like a movie trailer. The whole 6 min should be a movie trailer where you're just wetting the appetite of the audience so that they can then dig in more. You're like Hansel and Gretel, dropping breadcrumbs.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: The job is to get the right people that you want to reach with this, to talk to you and be curious, and to get to know you better.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yep.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, let's jump into the next one. So we kind of hyped up the zest video. Talking about
Neal Sáles-Griffin: be excited about the business. You may be skeptical of the business, and yet you know where it stands so
Neal Sáles-Griffin: to be there.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We're an app that teaches people how to cook. Zest is so much more than a recipe app zest offers skills and knowledge that you can use for the rest of your life. We're doing what headspace does for meditation. What mint does for personal finance, what Duolingo does for language we teach, we test, we reinforce. So users can gain agency over the process. And people are psyched that someone's finally stepping in to satisfy this need.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: they're really psyched. Actually.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: since we launched the 1st version of our product 8 months ago, we've had over 130,000 account activations with $0 spent on customer acquisition. We've amassed an audience on social media of over 140,000 people and reached over 20 million people with our viral organic content.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: In the last 3 months we've refined our product, turning enthusiasm into revenue. We've raised our paid conversion percentage 20 X our revenue 5 x, and we're about to make an entire generation happier and healthier through the power of cooking.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It's not off. Gotta give a little talk. Sorry.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Oh, shit! I'm early sorry, Jake.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'll be right back. I'm sorry about that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: See you in a minute, Eric.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: as you just saw during techstars my company zest 5 x our Mrr to $3.5,000 a month by selling an app that teaches people how to cook.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: because more people need to be able to make nourishing
Neal Sáles-Griffin: affordable and enjoyable food for themselves.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Our our competitive advantage is our ability to speak to our audience.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We know that 20 posts a week across Instagram and Tiktok yield 1,200 organic downloads with viral upside
Neal Sáles-Griffin: our analytical rigor at the top of the funnel. Can you turn it up 16% week over week growth rate throughout the course of.
Lilliana Robinson: So it's up all the way. I don't know why it's so quiet.
Lilliana Robinson: Since August we've been converting users to our $10 and a 16 prim. In Tiktok we yield 1,200 organic downloads with viral upside.
Lilliana Robinson: Our analytical rigor at the top of the funnel has allowed us to sustain a 16% week over week growth rate throughout the course of techstars.
Lilliana Robinson: We're good at speaking to people within our app, too.
Lilliana Robinson: Since August we've been converting users to our $10 monthly subscription at a rate that's 50% higher than average for education apps.
Lilliana Robinson: We're like culinary school.
Lilliana Robinson: If culinary school is cheap.
Lilliana Robinson: hilarious, and you can do it from your couch.
Lilliana Robinson: Every year millions of twenty-somethings graduate into the real world and come to realize that a lifestyle of frozen food, and Doordash will leave them feeling unhealthy, unfulfilled, and with a hole in their wallet.
Lilliana Robinson: It's why 9 out of 10 of them want to improve their cooking skills. Why, 50% of them are cooking more than they did last year. And why I'm on this stage
Lilliana Robinson: to scale something that gives this increasingly large cohort, the confidence they need to change that from their very own kitchens.
Lilliana Robinson: Now let's talk.
Lilliana Robinson: What's going on, man.
Lilliana Robinson: you know, in all of this.
Lilliana Robinson: The poor entrepreneurs have to go through all of this. These guys go through this nerve-wracking experience. And here it is the eir that screws up the phone.
Lilliana Robinson: anyway. Sorry about that, Jake. All right. I'm glad I didn't rob the audience of that presentation, because I love the discussion around zest. I love the conversation around food.
Lilliana Robinson: Can you tell me more about how you spent the last 3 months at techstars?
Lilliana Robinson: We've made measurable impacts on our company throughout techstars? We 3 xed our
Lilliana Robinson: average session time, the time that the user spends in the app we 20 x our conversion rate.
Lilliana Robinson: all of that is due. And if there's 1 thing to know about
Lilliana Robinson: myself, but my team who I work with because we've obsessed over knowing who our customer is.
Lilliana Robinson: We've worked with industry leaders at the future of food, to understand how and why people learn how to cook.
Lilliana Robinson: We've spent hours and hours talking to our users to find out where we succeeded them, and where we fell short.
Lilliana Robinson: and what we came to realize was that we had a time to value issue in the app.
Lilliana Robinson: So my team got to work. We built around that, and we saw the results that we saw.
Lilliana Robinson: So it sounds like virality is kind of key to your customer acquisition.
Lilliana Robinson: And, as we all know, virality can be notoriously fickle.
Lilliana Robinson: Algorithms change previously available methods get arbitraged away like virality can be a really volatile metric to build a company on.
Lilliana Robinson: Can you help me understand why we can trust the the customer acquisition as you think about virality.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. So virality is not our strategy.
Lilliana Robinson: One of the key goals that we went into techstars trying to achieve was to complete brand phase one of our brand rollout and content acquisition strategy to create some predictability around our organic growth.
Lilliana Robinson: And we did just that. We now know that 20 posts a week across platforms with a proprietary blend of trending and unique content will yield 1,200 organic downloads.
Lilliana Robinson: Now there is viral upside there. We do outperform that. But it's certainly not what we've modeled our business around.
Lilliana Robinson: Got it. But you're not the only one creating food content out there.
Lilliana Robinson: right? There are plenty of other big food influencers. There's Joshua Weissman. There's the golden balance. These folks have millions of followers and a dedicated fan base. How do you compete with them in a very crowded marketplace?
Lilliana Robinson: We don't view them as our competition. We view what they do as highly complementary. To what zest does they build
Lilliana Robinson: a tremendous amount of intent in future zest users, somebody who
Lilliana Robinson: is scrolling through their phone on Tiktok, watching beautiful food content being made with a Doordash order directly to the right of them on the same platform that they're looking at that content finds our organic content showing them how they get from the bag on the table to what they're looking at on their phone
Lilliana Robinson: for us as the golden balance scales. As Joshua Weissman scales their followings. So, too, does the future cohort of
Lilliana Robinson: high, intense users.
Lilliana Robinson: I mean, okay.
Lilliana Robinson: But these guys are also doing cooking lessons right? Like, I hear your answer. But they're also doing cooking lessons. They're also teaching people how to cook.
Lilliana Robinson: So so how do you differentiate yourself? And and in particular, where a lot of their stuff is free.
Lilliana Robinson: and you're asking people to pay you money, how do you differentiate yourself sufficiently so that you can get people to pay you money for your content.
Lilliana Robinson: So
Lilliana Robinson: free options in general
Lilliana Robinson: don't effectively teach.
Lilliana Robinson: They're fairly bulky, entertaining, yes.
Lilliana Robinson: but
Lilliana Robinson: lack any educational rigor. It's the same reason ultimately, that someone would pay for duolingo, or headspace, or mirror, or brilliant.org or lucid or peloton.
Lilliana Robinson: 75% of people under the age of 35. Consider cooking to be wellness.
Lilliana Robinson: 9 out of 10 in that same cohort are willing to spend $300 a month on their wellness.
Lilliana Robinson: All the test is doing is stepping up to satisfy that existing need
Lilliana Robinson: got it.
Lilliana Robinson: So your engagement numbers seem great, right? I heard everything that you said about how you're able to get people to engage with the platform fantastic. But your Mrr is pretty low, comparatively. Can you help me understand how you're thinking about the business model in that world?
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. So I think I guess to put it in perspective for zest to be a 10 million dollars arr.
Lilliana Robinson: We would need 83,000 paid subscribers
Lilliana Robinson: right now, entirely, organically, without putting any money behind our message. We have 145,000 people following us on social media.
Lilliana Robinson: We've reached 20 million people
Lilliana Robinson: again, entirely organically.
Lilliana Robinson: Other comparable learning apps like, I just leaned on. Duolingo is a 4 billion dollars business headspace. 3 billion dollars. brilliant.org is worth hundreds of millions, as is lucid.
Lilliana Robinson: All we're trying to do is take what has been effective in the way that they've taught people how to do certain tasks and apply it to food.
Lilliana Robinson: Now, in terms of my team's ability to execute on that we went into techstars with 2 specific goals. We wanted to create predictability at the top of the funnel, and we wanted to improve our product. And I'm so proud. I'm like looking at my team right now. I'm so proud
Lilliana Robinson: of the fact that we just knocked those out of the water.
Lilliana Robinson: and so I'm energized. I'm excited by the opportunities and the unknowns to come that we can solve.
Lilliana Robinson: But
Lilliana Robinson: I'm I'm thrilled at the space that we're in
Lilliana Robinson: very cool. Any last thoughts for the audience.
Lilliana Robinson: Sure, yeah, there is
Lilliana Robinson: this QR code on the right side of your screens.
Lilliana Robinson: If the idea of changing the way that people think about food energizes you.
Lilliana Robinson: or if anything that I said
Lilliana Robinson: requires a follow-up. If anything draws curiosity
Lilliana Robinson: book a time to chat. I'd love to talk.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay. Now I'll let you lead this discussion. I'm sure you have a lot to say about.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah. Well, I think the the only main thing I wanted to say is that that is by far probably one of the more combative
Neal Sáles-Griffin: eir conversations that we've ever had as a QA. Most of them are a lot more playful and complimentary in a way. But I like that one the most. And the reason I like that one the most is, it sounds most like what those tough investor calls sound like.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: He's expressing real doubt about Jake's business model and his viability. He's questioning the cooking app, his low Mrr. He's calling out all the things that people skeptical of that business are thinking so. I would just encourage you all to consider embracing critique with your eir, because I think it is very impressive to people when they see you handle really really tough questions about your business.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that's the only thing I'll say.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: I don't know if the floor is open, but.
Lilliana Robinson: Absolutely.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Fully agree. You know, already throwing our hat in the ring. That's exactly what we want, because when you get out into
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: the real word with real world. Those are the questions you're going to get, anyway. So if you've already got a bank of answers awesome. And I think.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: yeah, I I just thought it was fun. And it's interesting for the audience to watch as well. I'm now gonna follow up with Jake because yeah, he can handle it, and he had all the right answers. He had numbers, metrics. It was
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: brilliant. So yeah.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: I think that style
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: very authentic, very authentic. It was brilliant.
Dave Scott: Was that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That is exactly
Neal Sáles-Griffin: strategic.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yes, it's all rehearsed. It's always rehearsed.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: deeply rehearsed. The whole thing is.
Dave Scott: So he.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: People don't.
Dave Scott: He took the hard he took the hard he took. He took the hard, hard road.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yes, yes, and here's the thing. It's choreographed. But like people come up to me afterwards. Neil, this is such a great demo day. Wow! That was really intense, like those questions. Were, they live like people? Don't believe that it's scripted, based on how well you know everyone handles it, and how everybody performs, which is cool. But the other thing I want you all to know is like.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: if you know, you're gonna get asked really tough, uncomfortable questions.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Handle them yourself on stage rather than having to deal with them afterwards. It saves you so much time.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that was part of the design. Here.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: go ahead, cogniscope.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Yeah, I I think the best part was the Q&A part, because the video itself was kind of like a pitch.
Çoruh | CogniScope: and like it had so many information. I kinda lost track of what he was talking about.
Çoruh | CogniScope: and when he started to pitch
Çoruh | CogniScope: he still tells about the same statistics, same stuff over and over again, and also
Çoruh | CogniScope: some of the quests, like some of the answers. He had also had some same lingo. So I think it's like.
Çoruh | CogniScope: like for the
Çoruh | CogniScope: yeah, I don't know, like I kind of get that. I
Çoruh | CogniScope: those are the only good thing about zest, and he's trying to push it so hard so we can believe it like, that's what I sensed.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Well, well, let me add to that, just to be clear like
Neal Sáles-Griffin: he learned that there was, it would be information overload to say more
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so it made more sense to reinforce a few key points that he wanted you to remember. That would be good enough to get you to talk to him.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Yeah, like, I, I'm just like pointing it out, because, like, we suppose.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, like.
Çoruh | CogniScope: And like other than that, the Q. And A was the best part.
Çoruh | CogniScope: I think, the pitching and the video had so many similarities. So it kinda
Çoruh | CogniScope: it may cost
Çoruh | CogniScope: people to get lost in the in it, because they're hearing the same thing.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Well, who do you think he was talking to.
Çoruh | CogniScope: To what?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Who was that bet pitch for? Was it for everybody in the room to be entertained, or was it for someone else.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Like it's mostly for investors.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Exactly.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So here's the deal. So Jake knew his audience just to be clear. And the investors
Neal Sáles-Griffin: are whip smart.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So they're gonna look at that, and they're gonna check out after about 30 seconds.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: unless there's more interesting metrics or details to share. Now, the rest of the audience might feel overwhelmed. Just like you said. But any adept investor has seen this model a hundred times.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So they're already like kind of like waiting for the key things that would actually make them interested. Oh, wow! It's a food cooking app, is it? All free? Are they hoping for? Oh, no, they actually make money interesting. Oh, it's not a lot. Oh, but they do have Mrr like. So there's interesting little details that he thought through to like pepper in there, and it worked.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But I agree with you. It is redundant, but it was redundant on purpose.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: yeah.
Kevin Su: I actually didn't feel was that redundant? I feel like everything was so strategically placed. And that's why I get like. That's why I get the oh, people are skeptical about him before you talk to him. You're no longer skeptical, like he had evidence to support either internal growth or external research, and every data point, or like Stat he had, was backed up by some sort of commentary like, Oh, this is why I'm telling you this, and like, I think, as consumer apps, especially at tech.
Kevin Su: you're it's all you're always under more scrutiny, like, Yeah, it's a great idea. Can you actually execute? And he starts with the hard data, and he answers the hard questions. And I don't know it was, yeah. It was
Kevin Su: a really really good presentation from.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah. Well, Kevin, he he knew, because he'd already faced a lot of scrutiny from investors.
Kevin Su: Yep.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So he already knew cause he had already been beaten up, so he knew what to put into the pitch, to kind of overcome those things.
Kevin Su: Yeah.
Annie: Do we get to? I guess. How? How is it selected which Eir interviews us.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: They pick you.
Annie: Oh, okay.
Annie: Cool.
Lilliana Robinson: That way. Every single person is with an Eir who wants to invest their time into that pitch.
Lilliana Robinson: Then being excited about helping you is the most important.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So all the more reason to have really good decorum. And and and you know, bedside manner with your eirs like you gotta be cordial with them. You gotta be timely. You gotta communicate. Well, you gotta be respectful. You gotta follow through on your commitments with them, because it will matter on stage.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yep.
Fabio Caironi: All right.
Lilliana Robinson: Fabio.
Fabio Caironi: So all these 3 companies were
Fabio Caironi: B to C, and they already have
Fabio Caironi: attraction. Which is something I got here. Me loose.
Fabio Caironi: I'm wondering how this translates to A, b 2 b company that maybe doesn't have that much structure like just hearing, you know, 140 K. Followers. 20 million engagement. It's like big numbers that kind of
Fabio Caironi: draw the attention of the folks where you say. Oh, we got one pain pilot like it's not something you might wanna showcase on stage. So in terms of like the
Fabio Caironi: the numbers and how you shape your achievements so that they sound compelling, and they immediate immediately
Fabio Caironi: convey a sign of traction. It's something that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Well, it has to be real.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You have to actually have it. It can't sound compelling. It has to actually be compelling
Neal Sáles-Griffin: but we'll work with each of you on a pitch that's substantive. And to be clear, Cicada actually is A, b 2 b company
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so that 1st pitch you saw is B, 2 B,
Neal Sáles-Griffin: but
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And there's a couple more that we're about to show you now so hopefully that helps you with the reference.
Lilliana Robinson: Sorry. Now, I think what you're realizing. Fabio is like, there's a reason that we're in week 7 showing this to you guys like, oh, it's really important to have traction to show like we always keep saying like, it's probably like a broken record with the 2 of us saying it. You need to build a good business. You need to build a good business like there's no way around it. You can't
Lilliana Robinson: front like front it like you can't like. Just shape it to be something that it's not. You either have good traction that you can share or you don't, and having minimal traction that you want us to help you like storytell. That's okay. But when you have nothing, we can't really make it something.
Fabio Caironi: Am.
Lilliana Robinson: Important that you guys focus on getting that during this growth month.
Fabio Caironi: Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah, I was referring to like having like attraction that has
Fabio Caironi: a size that is not comparable like to like a B to C business. And, by the way, sorry I yeah, I I was thinking of cicada.
Fabio Caironi: like, you know, they sell to the agents so well.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah.
Fabio Caironi: B, 2 b, but
Fabio Caironi: yeah, yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Well, have you heard of like a sizzle versus a steak
Neal Sáles-Griffin: pitch? Have you heard of that civil sizzle versus steak?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: No, okay. So sizzle versus steak. So the idea is that when you have sizzle, that's like presentation.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that's like, Oh, wow! Look at that like it looks really cool, but where's the meat? So so there's there's steak pitches which like to have the substance, and then there's sizzle pitches which don't have any substance, but like have a lot of presentation.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There's a nice little happy medium that will try to help you strike. But some a lot of companies, especially out here in the bay are all sizzle.
Fabio Caironi: Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'm not saying that's a good thing, but it is what it is.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: And I would say, saying, 1 1 paid pilot is impressive.
Lilliana Robinson: Getting up there and saying, You have a paid pilot is is great. That's great, Fabia, that's nothing to be
Lilliana Robinson: putting yourself down about
Lilliana Robinson: cool, Dave, did you want to say something really quick, because we're gonna jump into some B 2? B.
Dave Scott: Yeah. One negative, I guess, was that I I kept on saying it's 20 times this or or 5 times that. But he didn't give actual numbers. And I just want to get your feedback on on that strategy versus real numbers.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, it was a style stylistic decision. I think he made.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I don't know if there's an objectively correct answer or way to frame it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: but I think more specific numbers probably would be more compelling instinctually, Dave, but you'd have to hear it to know.
Lilliana Robinson: Final thing on Jake that I want from all of you is he didn't just he wasn't just rushing through, answering the questions, the real. The reason everyone thought that was real was because he actually took time, and he was almost thinking about his answers, which, even if they're memorized, you guys can still do. You can think about what you're saying, so that it's coming off extremely naturally, because a lot of the founders will the ones we're not showing you. They'll get up, and every time someone will ask them the question will say good question, and then they'll rattle off the answer, and then they'll just wait.
Lilliana Robinson: It's like we're running lines in like a middle school play. It should be actual thought that goes into it. Real emotion like you're really telling these people your answers. You're not just rattling off something that you prepared. This is the time to actually say it. So take your time.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And last line on this, just to be clear, there's 1 other underlying really important factor with everything you've seen so far.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: which is, it's not actually all the details of the business. And what's being said?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It's how we feel about the CEO and their capacity to lead and pivot and run this business.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Do we think that this person is gonna figure it out because what they're saying now is probably gonna change next year?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'm saying that as an investor. Right? I know better than to think that what I'm seeing now is what it's going to be forever.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I'm going to my I'm asking myself.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Is this the kind of CEO that I'd be willing to place a bet on because they seem like they demonstrated that they're able to adapt and figure things out.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It's ultimately a CEO evaluation. For 6 min.
Lilliana Robinson: Awesome. Okay? So here's for all the b 2 b folks. The next 2 are heavy. B, 2 B
Lilliana Robinson: watch. How we did that.
Lilliana Robinson: hey? Hey?
Lilliana Robinson: One more time!
Lilliana Robinson: Yay.
Lilliana Robinson: that's my people. That's great
Lilliana Robinson: generative. AI is the biggest revolution in the world since invention of the computers.
Lilliana Robinson: So what are you doing with Gen. AI.
Lilliana Robinson: Seriously, what are you doing with Gen. AI asking Chatgpt why this meme is funny?
Lilliana Robinson: Our customers have increased their performance to 250% by using genai and run bear.
Lilliana Robinson: are you going to lose this game?
Lilliana Robinson: Are you going to hire AI consultant and spend months on implementations to see how it works.
Lilliana Robinson: Don't don't
Lilliana Robinson: meet rumbear
Lilliana Robinson: in just 10 min instead of month. In 10 min you can integrate your custom. AI built on Openai, or anthropic into your communication platforms like slack Hubspot. Send desk and more.
Lilliana Robinson: and you don't need any coding or engineering support.
Lilliana Robinson: Since joining techstars
Lilliana Robinson: we have quadrupled our Mrr
Lilliana Robinson: by increasing our customer base from 15 to 66 companies, including big names like Pcg.
Lilliana Robinson: Let's see how Rumbere made this possible
Lilliana Robinson: rumbear is a connector between Generative AI and communication platforms. In 10 min you can create your custom. AI, like Hr. Assistant on slack sales, copilot on teams or customer support agents on Hubspot.
Lilliana Robinson: Hey, Todd? How many people in your company benefit from Rumbear? Probably I'd say 2 or 300, all of our medical team, and then we're starting to roll it out to the sales team and marketing and legal in each organization. The docs that everybody edits and they can just communicate directly with ais through slack, which is a game changer. How about you, Tash? What do you use from bear for putting live customer queries into slack to
Lilliana Robinson: see what responses come out and then use them. We have been playing around with the Hubspot integration as well, which we have found useful. The benefit definitely is quicker testing and validation, and then to give the rest of the company a chance to play around with it as well. Ecg. Laser away, and 60 more customers are leading their industry, using rumbear, join rumbear
Lilliana Robinson: and stay ahead.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, hey, Lillian?
Lilliana Robinson: All right. Technical difficulties. We had to get the ipad there. So that was an amazing video, and those seem like some really happy customers.
Lilliana Robinson: Could you help me understand, Runbear better? How is it different from all of the Gpts out there like Openai.
Lilliana Robinson: Great. 1st of all, thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Think of Run Bear as a connector instead of an AI builder. You can still use Openai or anthropic, whatever you are familiar with to create your custom. AI,
Lilliana Robinson: while rumble helps you create them even easier. Its core unique value. Prop is connecting those AI apps into the channels like Slack or hubspot that you face every day.
Lilliana Robinson: This enables customizing the user experience for each AI seamlessly. And you can manage multiple AI apps for different purposes across various channels at a minimal cost. The best part. Anyone can do that in minutes.
Lilliana Robinson: That seems so useful. But it makes me wonder why the integration piece is important in the 1st place.
Lilliana Robinson: So why is it a big deal to have Gpts integrated into slack or Hubspot.
Lilliana Robinson: Right?
Lilliana Robinson: Companies need to meet their customers or their employees where they are, where they live every day.
Lilliana Robinson: For example, if you want to return your fancy, Nike shoes for some reason. Would you go to Chatgpt and ask, How can I return my Nike shoes?
Lilliana Robinson: No, you probably wouldn't.
Lilliana Robinson: You'd go to where
Lilliana Robinson: Nike customer center right
Lilliana Robinson: by integrating AI into your communication platforms. You don't need to change users behavior to make the Gen. AI do its jobs.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, I think I get it. So then how is it different from just using intercom or Zendesk? AI,
Lilliana Robinson: good.
Lilliana Robinson: long story short.
Lilliana Robinson: you can create what you want instead of using general purpose. AI.
Lilliana Robinson: As long as companies have so different tasks and workflows
Lilliana Robinson: the general purpose. AI often cannot meet all the requirements.
Lilliana Robinson: For example, you probably wouldn't use friendly customer support AI, such as intercom to identify some potential compliance issues. Right?
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. So as a proof, our customers tend to begin with one AI app, and then they create more and more apps for different purposes as continue to use run, bear.
Lilliana Robinson: and I have one more, one of the customers. They even use more than 3 AI apps simultaneously. That's 30, 30, more than 30 ais. That's incredible.
Lilliana Robinson: So tell me, Gen. AI, as a landscape is extremely crowded, as we all know. So how is Runbear going to cut through that noise to be successful?
Lilliana Robinson: Well, Openai, anthropic Microsoft, Google, Meta, Amazon, they all aim to help people create custom? Gen. AI. Easily.
Lilliana Robinson: But how are people using them?
Lilliana Robinson: They need to integrate them into their workflows. But the current solutions are not cutting it
Lilliana Robinson: because of that, people are hiring AI consultants who cost more than $250 per hour, and then spend 3 to 4 months on implementing one project.
Lilliana Robinson: They can cost hundreds of thousands of dollars per implementation and even more on maintenance with bomb bear. You can accomplish that in minutes, and it costs only a couple $100 per month.
Lilliana Robinson: and we cover the maintenance, such as handling new api updates or even unexpected errors. The competitive advantage is so clear. That's why we are trusted by companies like, Bcg.
Lilliana Robinson: yeah, that's impressive.
Lilliana Robinson: So speaking of customers.
Lilliana Robinson: what is next on the roadmap for runbear
Lilliana Robinson: going forward.
Lilliana Robinson: We aim to become the standard of integrating AI into workflows.
Lilliana Robinson: for now we support Slack Microsoft teams, Discord, Zendesk and Hubspot.
Lilliana Robinson: We are going to improve and expand our integrations based on our customers needs.
Lilliana Robinson: Please
Lilliana Robinson: keep your eye on us. Anyone who wants to utilize AI for work.
Lilliana Robinson: They will think of rum bear. First, st
Lilliana Robinson: I love that.
Lilliana Robinson: We'll definitely keep our eye on you. So we have the whole audience here. How can we help you?
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: although we still have around 15 months running. We'd love to boost our growth through investment and partnerships.
Lilliana Robinson: So please look for this pink T-shirt or scan. Now this QR.
Lilliana Robinson: To discuss how we might work together.
Lilliana Robinson: Awesome! Look for the pink t-shirt, guys. This is Run bear.
Lilliana Robinson: Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Who was that random lady?
Lilliana Robinson: I'm just kidding his Eir had to
Lilliana Robinson: go to her daughter's graduation. So I something.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Did a good job.
Lilliana Robinson: What did you guys think of snow? And like from the b 2 b perspective.
Annie: I liked at the end, like, I guess. And it it's a question, too, that he had a slide up with the QR. Code and the Logos like behind. I thought that was cool. Will we also have the option to do that as we're talking.
Lilliana Robinson: 1 1 slide behind you during the Q. And a.
Annie: Cool. Okay, yeah. I like that. He really emphasized the
Annie: the the customers that he had and brought them up in the discussion as well.
George Reed - Noetic: Yeah, the whole thing was super professional and like streamlined, and like a couple of the others very thematically, like, connected. And
George Reed - Noetic: yeah, I've been kind of wondering as well about the
George Reed - Noetic: sort of b 2 b side, and being a bit more dry with it. But I think that was really good. So
George Reed - Noetic: I think, for personally that was the closest to what I'd like to try and do, too.
George Reed - Noetic: So
George Reed - Noetic: good example, thanks.
Lilliana Robinson: Anything he could have done better.
Fabio Caironi: I feel like the tone. Just like maybe being more engaging. And yeah, I feel like that was like, just
Fabio Caironi: leaving some some space in between the words.
Lilliana Robinson: And this applies to a lot of you. I had to so Snow, the founder there that you saw you. Some of you met him during tech week.
Lilliana Robinson: He came here from Korea, so he needed a lot of dialect coaching, so I helped him enunciate the words so that it was
Lilliana Robinson: audible to everybody in the room, and a lot of you are from different places around the world. You're going to have to do the same thing to really practice being clear with your language.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I will say he came a really long way, like if you saw him at the beginning of program, like he was shy to even speak up
Neal Sáles-Griffin: like in a call.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So to go from that to being able to pitch on stage. The way he did was really impressive. We're really proud of him.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: All right. Let's give them one more b, 2 B.
Lilliana Robinson: All right.
Lilliana Robinson: Do you want to preface this one at all purposely? This is from our.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Obviously so, yeah, we actually have never demoed this one to founders before. So I haven't seen this one in a while. But I thought of it earlier this morning with Liliano. Because I was like, well, one.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: They have some. Really. They have some like brand name investors now on their cap table, and they're doing quite well, so I thought it'd be cool to go back and see where they're at from back then, cause I don't think they were ones that, like everyone, was like super hyped about or betting on. But yet here they are like actually like seemingly thriving. So I think it's a cool thing to kind of use a time machine to go back one year and see where they were at.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, is there one and only e-commerce class through ebay?
Lilliana Robinson: And then.
Lilliana Robinson: when you call me, you call
Lilliana Robinson: every year 200 billion dollars is spent on digital advertising in the Us. Alone, and 50% is wasted.
Lilliana Robinson: It's like the old mad men adage half my ads worked. I just don't know which half
Lilliana Robinson: this waste is multifaceted. But it's largely due to marketers, especially creatives making decisions with guesswork
Lilliana Robinson: rather than based on data.
Lilliana Robinson: They want to make data-driven decisions. They just don't have the time or the resources.
Lilliana Robinson: I experienced this firsthand working in this space for over a decade with brands like Team U.S.A. During the Rio Olympics, Dolby, and countless others. This guesswork problem really frustrated me.
Lilliana Robinson: So I set out to fix it
Lilliana Robinson: purposely. AI is a software platform that helps, advertisers, reclaim wasted media spend and wasted time using artificial intelligence.
Lilliana Robinson: Put simply, our product tells you exactly which text and visual elements perform best.
Lilliana Robinson: We've had 9 paying customers and have doubled our revenue since the beginning of techstars this month. We're set to surpass 100 k. Arr.
Lilliana Robinson: What if marketers didn't have to guess
Lilliana Robinson: that's the power of AI done right. That's purposely.ai. Let's see how it works with a real customer.
Lilliana Robinson: Meet Mackenzie. She's an associate creative director at the app.
Lilliana Robinson: Well done, sir.
Lilliana Robinson: pretty pumped.
Lilliana Robinson: I've never noticed that. Did Alex tell you that
Lilliana Robinson: the videographer did not.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: No idea what happened there.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that's interesting, either way. Let's keep going.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'll drop the link to his website.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Dante set the standard and you met it so well done.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so really high level. I helped introduce you to a customer or 2, and it's because I felt the pain, and I saw that this was something that a lot of the companies that I was talking to were dealing with and
Neal Sáles-Griffin: tell us a little bit about your product roadmap. And how that's evolving. Yeah. So as you just saw, our current product is AI insights to tell you exactly which text and visual elements perform. Best
Neal Sáles-Griffin: 2024 roadmap is all about streamlining, creative and production processes. So basically helping marketers design their ads
Neal Sáles-Griffin: to do that, we're going to leverage fine-tuned generative AI models. Specifically, a technique called reinforcement learning from human feedback. Basically, our users are helping to train our model and build our moat.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You know, there's really a lot. There's there's a handful of big AI marketing companies out there. Jasper AI is one of them. They're a billion dollar company. So what Jasper did to automate blog posts is what we're going to do for ads
Neal Sáles-Griffin: makes sense. Look. I've seen a ton of marketing tech companies out there, and it feels like these days, especially with AI. There's just more and more marketing tech companies popping out. Can you talk a little bit about how you differentiate from that crowd, for sure. Yeah, it's a crowded space. But we're unique for 3 reasons. So first, st our go-to-market strategy selling to agencies is unique.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: A lot of Sas has trouble selling to agencies, but I worked there for much of my career. So I really understand that target persona and how to sell to them.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Second.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: we have team market fit. So our go-to-market lead. Jj. Is here with us tonight. She worked in analytics at Warby Parker at segment during hyper growth. We also have an AI Ml. Engineer from Amazon.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And finally, the granularity of our insights is unique. So we go down to the text and visual component level. And so, for example, we'll say for a given advertiser, ads with green grass performed 30% better text with the words, benefits and thoughtfully crafted perform 70% better. So that granularity is not only in high demand, but it's also hard to come by.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, it makes sense. I mean, look.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you and I have been working now for a couple weeks, and I've seen
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the product evolve. I've seen your sales evolve. The thing that I've been most impressed by is actually your go to market right? In a very short period of time. You've been able to add customers and show that there is product market fit. Can you expand a little bit about your go-to-market strategy? Because I think it's pretty unique, absolutely. So we're deliberately selling to ad agencies to get data 10 X faster.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So agencies have at least 10 to 30 clients of their own. And for each of those clients we're getting their data to train our model
Neal Sáles-Griffin: for incremental revenue and to get more reps. So one of the other cool things about agencies is they're using our product and our insights for their own sales efforts. And so when they win a new client, they onboard them to purposely. We're getting incremental revenue because of our per brand pricing model. We've really been able to prove out this land and expand model. So, for example, we had an early customer at $300 a month. We've since expanded their contract value 8 x
Neal Sáles-Griffin: not bad. That's good. Nrr, for sure.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So yeah, you've got a bunch of people here all supportive, I'm assuming. Tell us how we can help
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so surprise surprise. We're looking to talk to investors and customers on the investor front. We'd love to speak with pre-seed funds interested in b 2 b. AI, but specifically with ties to marketing and media. So we had a couple sales calls recently with business insider. We'd love to get intros to a few more kind of media publishers to really explore that segment. That'd be a great intro from an investor
Neal Sáles-Griffin: on the customer prospect side. It's all about agencies so agencies that work with D to C brands, nonprofits. Really, any consumer brand that runs a lot of Facebook ads is relevant.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And finally, just a quick, exciting update. Last month we signed our 1st annual contract. So nice
Neal Sáles-Griffin: $30,000 contract. Not a bad size. That's great, especially in the market. You're targeting. So I feel like that's just proof point for exciting growth ahead. Absolutely. We're gaining momentum, would love to chat with anyone relevant. So investors, introductions and agency contacts.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Well, Alex, thanks a lot. Man. Great stuff. Thanks, Imran.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So just for context, the they just got a commitment from Kleiner Perkins, I think, last month.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And it's set off a cascade, I think, of other commitments from a lot of other investors, since that's kind of how they operate.
Lilliana Robinson: So in we only have a minute left. So instead of discussing that one, I I think, showing it was probably good enough. There are lots of examples of B, 2 B+B, 2 C, we'll post even more examples, probably next week.
Lilliana Robinson: Closer to Troy. Session. For you to watch. Well, I'll post the ones that I just showed you, as well as some other ones, that if you wanted to look at
Lilliana Robinson: but just start thinking. So this is just planting a little marker in your brain. December 6.th We have about
Lilliana Robinson: a a month and a half. Until then. That's what you're aiming for. We have a lot of work to do to get there outside of just crafting the pitch about building the business itself so as much as we can do to help you get there definitely. Let us know. I don't know if you wanted to close with anything else, Neil.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It's all about your business progress
Neal Sáles-Griffin: again. You'll have more interesting things to stay on stage if your business is doing well. If all we're doing for the next month is helping you come up with a story about the hope or potential of your business, because you haven't made any progress. That's tough.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So let's let's make some progress.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright. Thank you, everybody.